narrative : exam : chest 1 view 2004/12 / 08 clinical history : 62 years female with h / o pleural effusion comparison : none impression : 1 . single frontal view of the chest demonstrates a right ij central venous catheter in place with tip in upper right atrium . 2 . there is moderate cardiomegaly . 3 . lung volumes are low with a diffuse reticular pattern throughout the bilateral lung zones with more confluent left greater than right bibasilar air space opacities and small left greater than right bilateral pleural effusions . findings are suggestive of mild pulmonary edema with bibasilar atelectasis . summary : 4 - possibly significant finding , may need action i have personally reviewed the images for this examination and agreed with the report transcribed above . accession number : 0-8-4-1-1-7-4-3-1-1 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : single view of the chest : 2007/08 / 06 . comparison : none . clinical history : non - small - cell lung cancer , fever . findings : upright frontal radiograph of the chest demonstrates a normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette . there is diffuse increased interstitial pattern of opacification of the lungs bilaterally , with some kerley b lines present . this pattern of opacification may be secondary to pulmonary edema or an atypical infection . additionally , there are bibasilar opacities , which may represent infection or aspiration . the right paratracheal stripe is thickened , which could be secondary to lymphadenopathy or pleural thickening . no evidence of significant pleural effusion . no pneumothorax . visualized osseous structures and soft tissues appear unremarkable . impression : 1 . increased reticular pattern of opacification throughout the lungs bilaterally may be secondary to pulmonary edema or atypical infection . 2 . bibasilar opacities may represent infection or aspiration . 3 . thickened right paratracheal stripe may be secondary to pleural thickening or underlying lymphadenopathy . summary : 4 - possible significant findings , may need action i have personally reviewed the images for this examination and agreed with the report transcribed above . accession number : 86.89.32.21.9 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : exam : chest 2 views , 2/27 / 2012 clinical history : 68 years old male with h / o r and bot cancer , now has cough . comparison : none impression : 1 . moderate biapical pleural thickening . recommend comparison to outside chest x - rays to determine stability of this finding . if outside x - rays are unavailable that must consider whether this represents metastatic disease . 2 . right - sided pleural parenchymal scarring extending from the right upper lung zone to the right hila . when he may be sequela of treatment - related changes . clinical correlation recommended . 3 . subtle ill - defined opacities in the left mid to lower lung zone . finding may represent infiltrative or posttreatment changes . 4 . no evidence of pulmonary edema , pleural effusions or pneumothorax . 5 . cardiac silhouette size within normal limits . summary : 4 - possibly significant finding , may need action accession number : 88149151302 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : pa and lateral view of the chest : 09/06 / 2004 at 1143hours . comparison : 09/05 / 2004 . clinical history : 29 - year - old female , rule out infiltrates . impression : 1 . pa and lateral views of the chest on September 6th , 2004 at 1143hours shows unchanged position of right internal jugular venous catheter . there are numerous vascular clips , sternotomy wire loops , prosthetic aortic valve ring , consistent with prior aortic valve replacement and cardiac surgery . multiple embolism coils are seen along the course of the right internal mammary artery . additionally , numerous surgical clips are seen projecting over the right upper lobe . 2 . the right hemidiaphragm is elevated . there is increased right basilar opacity , consistent with atelectasis versus consolidation . both costophrenic angles are blunted , reflecting right greater than left pleural effusions . summary : 2 - abnormal , previously reported i have personally reviewed the images for this examination and agreed with the report transcribed above . accession number : 7523686 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : chest , two views : 2004 3rd November at 1109hours . clinical history : a 45 - year - old male , rule out infiltrates . comparison : 2004/10 / 27 . impression : 1 . interval removal of right picc line . 2 . no evidence of focal consolidation or pleural effusion . the bilateral lungs are clear . 3 . the cardiomediastinal silhouette remains within normal limits . summary : 2 - abnormal , previously reported accession number : 2498107 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : exam : chest 2 views , 09/20 / 2006 clinical history : 51 years female with s / p icd / pacemaker insertion comparison : none impression : 1 . a pa view and two lateral views of the chest were performed . satisfactory position of a left - sided single lead transvenous pacemaker / icd device . negative for pneumothorax or pleural fluid collection . 2 . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits and the lungs are clear . surgical clips project in the upper abdomen on lateral view , most likely due to prior cholecystectomy . summary : 1 - no significant abnormality accession number : 87291481 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : portable chest : 02/25 / 08 clinical data : 64 - year - old male with congestive heart failure . follow up pulmonary edema . comparison : 02/24 / 2008 , February 2008 , 02/21 / 2008 impression : 1 . no significant interval change when compared to the prior studies . 2 . again seen is moderate prominence of the interstitial marking , which most likely represents interstitial pulmonary edema . 3 . persistent elevated right hemidiaphragm . end of impression : accession number : 96927362506 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : chest 1 view 08/30 / 12 comparison : none history : 60 years male with hip fx . pre - op impression : 1 . supine radiograph of the chest demonstrates no focal consolidation , effusion , or pneumothorax . pulmonary vasculature and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits . calcified lymph nodes are seen in the hila and a tiny calcified granuloma is seen in the left upper lung zone . degenerative changes of the right shoulder are partially visualized . mild scoliosis is seen . summary : 4 - possible significant finding , may need action . i have personally reviewed the images for this examination and agreed with the report transcribed above . accession number : 8 7 2 9 1 4 8 1 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : radiographic examination of the chest : 6/15 / 2010 clinical history : 78 years of age , female , shortness of breath . comparison : 2010/14 / 06 procedure comments : single view of the chest . findings : stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette . no definite pulmonary edema . lung volumes are low with persistent bibasilar opacities and bilateral small pleural effusions . chest tube on the right is been removed and the remaining medical support devices are unchanged . there is interval recurrence of a small right apical pneumothorax . right chest wall simultaneous emphysema is unchanged . impression : 1 . interval removal of right chest tube , with recurrent small right apical pneumothorax . 2 . no significant change in low lung volumes with bibasilar opacities and bilateral small to moderate pleural effusions . accession number : e 5 xZzD 5 p 2 d 3 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : radiographic examination of the chest : February 16th , 2005 clinical history : 60 years of age , female , high fever 5 days - joint pains . comparison : none . procedure comments : two views of the chest . findings : heart and mediastinum unremarkable . dense consolidation of lateral basal segment of left lower lobe . given clinical history pneumonia is suspected . a component of associated bronchial disease is questioned . impression : 1 . left lower lobe pneumonia . recommend follow - up to ensure resolution . accession number : 269824788 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : chest 2 views : 2004/09 / 30 clinical history : 34 year old male being evaluated for history of multiple myeloma . comparison : previous study from 9/20 / 2004 . impression : 1 . two views of the chest redemonstrate a right central venous line in place with the tip in the superior vena cava . no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged and normal . no focal air space disease , pleural effusions , or pneumothorax . no pulmonary masses . the musculoskeletal structures are unremarkable . end of impression : summary 2 : abnormal , previously reported . accession number : 96927362506 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : exam : chest 2 views , 10/16 / 2003 clinical history : 71 years male with evaluate [ month ] cxr with [ month ] cxr ; evaluate pleural effusion comparison : 9/20 impression : 1 . pa and lateral chest shows persistent large right pleural effusion , filling approximately two thirds of the right hemithorax . bands of coarse linear opacity project in the right mid lung consistent with subsegmental atelectasis . the more cephalad portion of the right lung is clear . 2 . the left lung is essentially clear . there is increased blunting of the left costophrenic sulcus consistent with a slight interval increase in pleural fluid on the left . summary : 1 - no significant abnormality accession number : 8561763788 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : chest one view : 02/23 / 2016 . comparison : 02/22 / 2016 . impression : the patient is intubated with et tube above the carina . there are increasing bilateral rounded opacities of both mid and upper lung zones concerning for interval progression of pulmonary infection . continued evidence of left lower lobe volume loss and airspace consolidation with pleural effusion . summary : 4 - possible significant findings , may need action accession number : # 8991283003 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : exam : chest 2 views , 07/05 / 2014 . history : 25 years female , r sided cp , sob and uri symptoms . comparison : 03/22 / 13 cxr . impression : 1 . frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate an opacity in the left lung base and associated small pleural effusion that is concerning for infection . the right lung is clear . 2 . heart size is at the upper limits of normal 3 . visualized osseous structures and soft tissues unremarkable . summary : 4 - possibly significant finding , may need action i have personally reviewed the images for this examination and agreed with the report transcribed above . accession number : 653 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : exam : chest 2 views , 12/25 / 2016 . history : 26 years male , chest x - ray pa and lateral . comparison : none . impression : 1 . lungs grossly clear . no evidence of a pleural effusion or pneumothorax . 2 . cardiomegaly . vascularity appears normal . 3 . osseous structures appear normal . summary : 4 - possibly significant finding , may need action accession number : 82-25-37-4 O - 7 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : single view chest : 03/05 / 2004 clinical history : 82 - year - old female with chest pain , rule - out congestive heart failure . comparison : none . findings : the trachea is midline . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . there are low lung volumes . diaphragm borders are well visualized . there is no evidence of frank edema . calcific tendinitis is noted in the right shoulder joint . impression : 1 . low lung volumes with no evidence of frank edema . end of impression : summary 4 : possible significant findings , may need action i have personally reviewed the images for this examination and agree with the report transcribed above . by : Bauer , Pedro on : 10/10 / 2003 accession number : 5593897251304175 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : radiographic examination of the chest : 04/21 / 06 clinical history : 62 years of age , male , pneumothorax . comparison : portable frontal chest radiograph , 3/21 / 2006 at 12:16pm. procedure comments : single view of the chest . findings : portable frontal chest radiograph dated 03/21 at 4:27pm demonstrates stable positioning of support lines and tubes including a right internal jugular central venous catheter and right pleural pigtail drain . stable postsurgical changes status post mitral valve annuloplasty and cabg with intact , midline sternotomy wires . no pneumothorax . low lung volumes with small bilateral pleural effusions and associated opacities of the bilateral lung bases . normal cardiac size without pulmonary edema . portable frontal chest radiograph dated 03/21 / 2006 at 7:48pm demonstrates developing mild pulmonary edema . otherwise no significant interval change with redistribution of the previously described small bilateral pleural effusions . stable positioning of support lines and tubes . no pneumothorax . portable frontal chest radiograph dated 04/21 / 06 at 12:18am demonstrates no significant interval change . stable positioning of support lines and tubes . stable small bilateral pleural effusions and mild pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax . impression : 1 . serial portable frontal chest radiographs demonstrate stable positioning of support lines and tubes . 2 . no pneumothorax . 3 . stable small bilateral pleural effusions and mild pulmonary edema . i have personally reviewed the images for this examination and agreed with the report transcribed above . accession number : 0087679 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : chest 2 views : 02/03 / 2007 history : male , 45 years old , post transplant . comparison : 09/18 / 06 and prior impression : unchanged right tunneled central venous catheter with tip overlying the cavoatrial junction . normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity . no focal consolidation , pleural effusion , or pneumothorax . bones are unremarkable . summary : 2 - abnormal , previously reported accession number : 645666774 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : single view chest : clinical history : subarachnoid hemorrhage . check for infiltrates . comparison : 05/06 / 30 impression : 1 . lines and tubes are unchanged in position . 2 . increasing retrocardiac opacity and left midlung zone opacity . 3 . there is a deep left costophrenic sulcus which is increased when compared with prior films . no definite evidence of left pneumothorax . clinical correlation is recommended . if clinically indicated , consider film in expiration or decubitus views . 4 . the icu team was informed of these results at 10am on 01/07 / 2005 . end of impression : accession number : 45665919 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : one view chest : 12/8 / 2014 clinical history : a 57 - year - old female with shortness of breath and fluid overload . comparison : chest 5/17 / 2013 . impression : 1 . stable cardiomegaly . 2 . stable mild pulmonary edema . no pleural effusion or focal consolidation . summary : 2 - abnormal , previously reported i have personally reviewed the images for this examination and agreed with the report transcribed above . accession number : 87291481 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : exam : chest 1 view , 7/11 / 2006 clinical history : 96 year old unknown with trauma comparison : none impression : 1 . ap supine chest radiograph demonstrates a normal cardiomediastinal silhouette , with no widening of the superior mediastinum . 2 . the lungs appear clear , with no evidence of supine pneumothorax . 3 . displaced fracture of the left posterior 10th rib . no additional fractures . summary : 4 - possibly significant finding , may need action accession number : 930400936 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : radiographic examination of the chest : May 24 clinical history : 37 years of age , female , cough . comparison : 05/17 / 12 . procedure comments : two views of the chest . findings : the distal tip of a right - sided ij central venous catheter is identified within the superior vena cava . the heart is normal in size . there is no evidence of focal consolidation , pulmonary edema , pleural effusion , or pneumothorax . linear opacities at the right base likely represent subsegmental atelectasis . impression : no evidence of focal consolidation or pulmonary edema . linear opacities at the right base , likely representing subsegmental atelectasis . accession number : 5870510121362 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : chest radiograph : 5/13 / 2007 comparison : none . clinical history : 58 - year - old with hypoxemia . history of hypertension , hypokalemia , and chronic narcotic use . findings : portable upright chest radiograph , 5/13 / 2007 at 23 : 16 , demonstrates endotracheal tube approximately 2.5 cm above the carina . an ng is also seen , with the distal portion coursing below the level of the diaphragm . there are patchy parenchymal infiltrates bilaterally . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . cardiac silhouette is within normal limits . linear calcifications are seen within the soft tissues of the bilateral shoulders , of uncertain etiology . subsequent portable semi - upright chest radiograph , 05/14 / 2007 at 03 : 17 , demonstrates interval repositioning of the endotracheal tube , with tip 4.4 cm above the carina . ng is again seen coursing below the diaphragm . there is persistent hazy patchy parenchymal air - space disease bilaterally . there is indistinctness of pulmonary vascularity . soft - tissue calcifications again seen in the bilateral shoulder regions . impression : 1 . diffuse patchy parenchymal infiltrates bilaterally , which may represent pneumonia or pulmonary edema . 2 . cardiac silhouette is within normal limits . 3 . moderate soft - tissue calcifications are seen within the bilateral shoulder regions . recommend correlation for prior myositis or other etiologies . 4 . findings were discussed with the icu team during icu rounds . end of impression : summary : 4 possible significant findings , may need action accession number : # 270764-6587 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : exam : chest 1 view , 05/14 / 2006 clinical history : 29 years male with cp comparison : none impression : 1 . single frontal view of the chest demonstrates cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits . 2 . lungs are clear without evidence of focal consolidation , pulmonary edema , pneumothorax , or pleural fluid . 3 . well - circumscribed dense 3 - mm nodular opacity in the left lower lung likely represents a calcified granuloma . summary : 4 - possibly significant finding , may need action i have personally reviewed the images for this examination and agreed with the report transcribed above . accession number : bbjcbupgrko this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : portable chest : 07/29 / 09 impression : 1 . in comparison to 11/11 / 06 , portable chest shows marked motion artifact with a new right central line in the superior vena cava . grossly on this film there is no new disease , there is an enlarged heart and a new right central line without definite pneumothorax and its tip in the superior vena cava . end of impression : summary 2 : abnormal , previously reported accession number : 8991283003 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : chest ap portable : 06/12 / 10 clinical data : this is a 51 - year - old male with history of coronary artery bypass graft . comparison : 12/05 / 10 impression : 1 . post sternotomy changes again shows a right ij sheath and central venous catheter . the swan - ganz catheter has been removed . 2 . a single mediastinal tube and bilateral chest tubes are stable in appearance . 3 . there has been interval decrease in pulmonary edema . the bibasilar opacifications remains stable . summary : 2 - abnormal , previously reported i have personally reviewed the images for this examination and agreed with the report transcribed above . accession number : 3 _ 8 _ 3 _ 5 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : chest 2 views : 2014/11 / 17 history : 21 years female , postoperative follow up . comparison : 10/21 / 2014 impression : stable appearance of the chest with mild deviation of the cardiac silhouette to the left . slightly increased lung markings in the left lung base . no pleural effusion . summary : 2 - abnormal , previously reported accession number : 2763383 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : exam : chest 2 views , 07/29 / 09 . history : 62 years female , cough , r / o pneumonia . comparison : none . impression : 1 . pa and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrates clear lung fields bilaterally . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusions . 2 . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . 3 . no acute osseous abnormalities . summary : 1 - no significant abnormality i have personally reviewed the images for this examination and agreed with the report transcribed above . accession number : 8371654 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : exam : chest 1 view , 04/04 / 2014 clinical history : 62 years old female with chest pain . comparison : none impression : 1 . no evidence of focal consolidation , pleural effusions , pulmonary edema or pneumothorax . no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease . 2 . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . 3 . no acute osseous findings . summary : 1 - no significant abnormality accession number : 930400936 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : exam : chest 2 views , 2009/10 / 12 history : shortness of breath . findings : exam includes : two views of the chest . the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits . the pulmonary vascularity is normal . there are no parenchymal opacities or pleural effusion . degenerative changes are seen in the shoulders and spine , with suggestion of osteopenia . impression : 1 . no consolidation . summary : 1 - no significant abnormality accession number : 080037663202 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : radiographic examination of the chest : 11/30 / 04 450hours , 1052hours clinical history : 83 years of age , female , eval . comparison : November 29th , 2004 and 0423hours and prior procedure comments : serial single views of the chest . findings : 0450hours : stable medical support devices . unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette . decreased pulmonary edema , now mild . persistent patchy perihilar and bibasilar airspace opacities which may be due to atelectasis , aspiration , or infection . small bilateral pleural effusions . no evidence of pneumothorax . 1052hours : low lung volumes . otherwise , no significant interval change . impression : 1 . serial chest radiographs demonstrate decreased pulmonary edema , now mild , with persistent patchy perihilar and bibasilar airspace opacities which may be due to atelectasis , aspiration , or infection . small bilateral pleural effusions . no evidence of pneumothorax . accession number : 269824788 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : chest 1 view 2009/08 / 31 clinical history : 61 years - old female . postop comparsion : August 2009 impression : 1 . single frontal view of the chest demonstrates stable positioning of the previously identified right chest wall mediport compared to the prior exam . 2 . stable redemonstration of low lung volumes , bibasilar opacities , and small bilateral pleural effusions compared to the prior exam . 3 . no evidence of pneumothorax . summary : 2 - abnormal , previously reported i have personally reviewed the images for this examination and agreed with the report transcribed above . accession number : 930400936 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : two views of the chest and two views of the left ribs , 12/30 / 2011 clinical history : status post fall . findings : portable ap and lateral views of the thorax , with the frontal view taken in lordotic positioning , demonstrates no evidence of pneumothorax . the costophrenic angles are sharp . the cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates a tortuous aorta . pulmonary vessels are normal . lungs are clear , with interstitial crowding . the bones are unremarkable . three views of the left lower ribs demonstrates mildly displaced fractures of the lateral left eighth , ninth and tenth ribs . the visualized bowel gas pattern demonstrates a colon full of stool . no bowel dilatation is seen . curvature of the lumbar spine is seen , apex right . query scoliosis versus positioning . impression : 1 . fractures of the left lateral eighth , ninth , and tenth ribs . no pneumothorax identified . end of impression : summary 2 : abnormal , previously reported . accession number : 87291481 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : single view of the chest : 2015/06 / 09 comparison : 15/06 / 09 clinical history : a 31 - year - old man , status post intubation and left ij line placement . impression : 1 . single semi - erect ap view of the chest demonstrate interval intubation with distal tip of the endotracheal tube approximately 3 cm proximal to the carina . stable positioning of a right internal jugular central venous sheath . interval placement of a left internal jugular central venous catheter with distal tip not clearly seen , but which can be followed to at least the distal left brachiocephalic vein . no evidence of pneumothorax . 2 . redemonstration of low lung volumes . persistent right upper lobe and mild retrocardiac opacity . summary : 2 - abnormal , previously reported accession number : 7681379460 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : radiographic examination of the chest : 12/08 / 05 clinical history : 55 years of age , male , right thoracoscopic partial decortication and pleurx catheter placement . comparison : 11/23 / 2005 procedure comments : two views of the chest . findings : no significant interval change in the radiographic appearance of the chest . again demonstrated is a small to moderately sized right pleural effusion with an inferior pleural catheter in place . increased lucency about the catheter is unchanged , likely representing a loculated pneumothorax . there remains adjacent parenchymal opacity in the right lung base , not significantly changed . the left hemithorax remains clear . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in configuration and within normal size limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no acute osseous abnormalities . degenerative changes of the spine . impression : 1 . no significant interval change in the radiographic appearance of the chest . 2 . again demonstrated is a small to moderately sized right pleural effusion with associated basilar opacity and with an inferior pleural catheter in place . increased lucency about the catheter is unchanged , likely representing a loculated pneumothorax . accession number : 64658095647 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : radiographic examination of the chest : 11/30 / 04 clinical history : 60 years of age , female , s / p cardiac surgery . comparison : October 18th 2005 procedure comments : single view of the chest . findings : unchanged appearance of the right ij catheter terminating at the cavoatrial junction . prosthetic aortic valve . median sternotomy wires . severe cardiomegaly , similar to prior . unchanged prosthetic valves . small right pleural effusion , similar to prior . bibasilar opacities may reflect atelectasis or consolidation . slightly decreased lung volumes . impression : 1 . slightly decreased lung volumes . small right pleural effusion . 2 . bibasilar opacities may reflect atelectasis or consolidation . i have personally reviewed the images for this examination and agreed with the report transcribed above . accession number : izcybtc this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : exam : chest 2 views , 01/15 / 2014 clinical history : 55 years female with screening cxr , history of head and neck cancer . comparison : none available . correlated with results of prior pet / ct dated 15/12 / 2011 . impression : 1 . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . negative for adenopathy . 2 . lungs are clear . negative for consolidation , edema or pulmonary nodules . no pleural effusion . 3 . bony structures show degenerative findings in the spine but no aggressive processes . summary : 1 - no significant abnormality accession number : 6992610811 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : comparison : 10/12 / 2003 impression : 1 . redemonstration of median sternotomy wires and residual pneumo - mediastinum . 2 . a right internal jugular catheter remains in place and there has been interval removal of the right ij sheath . 3 . there has been interval increase in cephalization and bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar opacities . this may suggest worsening heart failure . 4 . there is increased band atelectasis in the bilateral mid lung zones . summary : 4 - possible significant findings , may need action . i have personally reviewed the images for this examination and agreed with the report transcribed above . accession number : 87291481 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : single view portable chest : 08/07 / 29 clinical data : congestive heart failure . comparsion : 09/11 / 08 impression : 1 . interval placement of aicd with lead tips in right atrium , right ventricle , and coronary sinus . no pneumothorax . 2 . suboptimal film positioning with lack of visualization of inferior one - fifth of thorax . 3 . slight linear atelectasis persists , left base . end of impression : summary : 2 abnormal , previously reported accession number : 930400936 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : chest radiograph comparison : none . clinical history : a 64 - year - old with fever . impression : 1 . frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate no focal pulmonary process . there is no pleural effusion . 2 . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . 3 . degenerative changes are seen within the visualized findings . multiple left axillary clips are noted . end of impression : summary : 1 no significant abnormality i have personally reviewed the images for this examination and agree with the report transcribed above . by : Rojas Aisha , MD . on : 4/21 / 2014 accession number : I - Q - N - H - K - E this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : exam : chest 1 view , 05/09 / 2008 clinical history : 23 years female s / p bronch and tbb r / o rejection comparison : 01/29 / 2008 , 10/16 impression : patchy increased opacity in right lower lung zone likely related to post bronchoscopic findings . no pneumothorax 1 ) 2 ) left lung clear . summary : 2 - abnormal , previously reported accession number : 8225374 O 7 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : two view chest : March 11 , 2015 comparison : none . clinical history : 29 - year - old male with head pain , rule - out pneumothorax . findings : two views of the chest demonstrate no evidence for acute cardiopulmonary disease with no focal infiltrate , pulmonary edema or pleural effusion . there are low lung volumes . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . no soft tissue or bony abnormalities are seen . there is no evidence for pneumothorax . impression : 1 . no evidence for pneumothorax with no acute cardiopulmonary disease . low lung volumes . end of impression : summary 1 : no significant abnormality i have personally reviewed the images for this examination and agree with the report transcribed above . by : Desmond C , Leon on : 03/12 / 15 accession number : 5673701745 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : chest : 03/30 / 2014 comparison : 01/29 / 14 clinical history : 65 - year - old female with rectal prolapse . preoperative . impression : 1 . interval improvement in previously seen left upper lobe opacity , with only a tiny amount of residual opacity seen . 2 . no other infiltrate identified and no evidence for pulmonary edema . 3 . cardiac silhouette within normal limits . 4 . scoliosis . summary : 4 - possible significant findings , may need action i have personally reviewed the images for this examination and agreed with the report transcribed above . accession number : 930-400-936 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : chest 1 view , 8/21 / 2011 history : 50 years male , eval pleural effusion reaccum . with clamped chest tube comparison : none impression : 1 . stable right chest tube . 2 . increased right lower lobe opacity , concerning for infection . 3 . no evidence of pneumothorax . summary : 2 - abnormal , previously reported i have personally reviewed the images for this examination and agreed with the report transcribed above . accession number : 93-04-00-93-6 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : exam : 07/18 / 07 . history : 46 years male , chest pain . comparison : none . impression : 1 . chest 2 views , demonstrate no focal consolidation or pleural effusion . 2 . cardiac silhouette and vascularity are within normal limits . 3 . mild short segment enlargement of the left 8th and 9th ribs which may represent prior trauma with callus . summary : 1 - no significant abnormality accession number : DDWWSMQA this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : radiographic examination of the chest : 07/15 / 2009 clinical history : 68 years of age , female , found confused . comparison : 10/22 / 2005 procedure comments : two views of the chest . findings : increased patchy opacities are noted at the left base including a more nodular 8 mm component near the left costophrenic sulcus . the remainder of the lungs are clear . stable cardiomediastinal silhouette . redemonstration of surgical clips in the right breast . redemonstration of anterior spinal fixation hardware in the lower cervical region . redemonstration of a compression deformity in an upper lumbar vertebral body . impression : 1 . increased opacities at the left lung base . although this may represent atelectasis , an early or developing consolidation could have a similar appearance . 2 . additionally , there is an 8 mm nodular appearing component at the left base . although this may be due to superimposition , recommend attention on follow - up until resolution . accession number : # 930400936 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : exam : chest 2 views , 05/14 / 2009 clinical history : trauma comparison : none . impression : 1 . mild bibasilar opacity likely reflecting atelectasis . otherwise clear lungs , without evidence of consolidation , effusion , or pneumothorax . 2 . mild wedging of a lower thoracic spine vertebral body , which may be degenerative in nature , however correlation is recommended with site of pain . visualized osseous structures otherwise unremarkable . summary : 4 - possibly significant finding , may need action i have personally reviewed the images for this examination and agreed with the report transcribed above . accession number : # 6075662376 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : exam : chest 2 views , 08/24 / 12 clinical history : 52 - year - old male with chest pain ; pna v effusion v ptx comparison : none impression : 1 . pa and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate a normal cardiomediastinal silhouette . 2 . lung volumes are low , but the lungs appear clear , with no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion . 3 . minimal osteophytosis at the thoracolumbar junction . visualized osseous structures otherwise unremarkable . summary : 1 - no significant abnormality i have personally reviewed the images for this examination and agreed with the report transcribed above . accession number : NYBUXVZZSJ this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : portable chest x - ray : May 2004 . comparison : none . clinical data : an 86 - year - old male with lead abnormality status post pacemaker revision . findings : there is no evidence for acute cardiopulmonary disease with no pneumothorax , pulmonary edema , pleural effusions , or focal infiltrates seen . a three lead pacemaker is in place , with one lead in the right atrium and two identified in the right ventricle . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . no soft tissue or bony abnormalities are identified . impression : three lead pacemaker in place with no evidence for pneumothorax . end of impression : summary : 4 possible significant findings , may need action i have personally reviewed the images for this examination and agree with the report transcribed above . By : Daniel , Ivan on : 4/11 / 2005 accession number : #WATDUD this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
narrative : x - ray chest one view : 09/17 / 2007 comparison : none . clinical history : a 65 - year - old female with history of chest pain . impression : 1 . single frontal view of the chest demonstrates no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process . 2 . no evidence of consolidation , effusion , or x - ray chest one view : 9/17 / 2007 comparison : none . clinical history : a 65 - year - old female with history of chest pain . impression : 1 . single frontal view of the chest demonstrates no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process . 2 . no evidence of consolidation , effusion , or pneumothorax . summary : 1 - no significant abnormality i have personally reviewed the images for this examination and agreed with the report transcribed above . accession number : 0087679 this report has been anonymized . all dates are offset from the actual dates by a fixed interval associated with the patient .
